seven o'clock psychoses Santa's workshop
and only Lee Majors can stop them in the
night the reindeer died here family
Christmas special they can wail face yes
Frank Cross is more than the youngest
Network president in television history
call security have them change his locks
capability it's Christmas thank you
call the county stop his bonus I watch
y'all he's a thoughtful boss thanks boys
get the nurse a generous brother I think
you dropped something here and a true
humanitarian I can't get the effort out
of this little guy we've had Krazy Glue
have you tried staples but his life is
about to change
you are going to be visited by three
ghosts tomorrow you know that was bad
for me matter of fact the whole rest of
the week is wash up anyone who thinks he
hates Christmas is wrong
[Music]
[Applause]
it's ghosts pH Karen L sounded like
you'd seen a ghost the ghost John
Forsythe Bobcat Goldthwait Robert
Mitchum
David Johansen see Bill Murray get
screwed
hey back off big man that may work with
the chicks but not with me
you